Update Create a Custom Dashboard (#4526)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Creating-a-Custom-Dashboard/index.md

## Creating the dashboard view

> Next, we will create a HTML file inside this folder called 'WelcomeDashboard.html'. The HTML file will contain a fragment of a HTML document and does not need &lt;html&gt;&lt;head&gt;&lt;body&gt; entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will create an HTML file inside this folder called `WelcomeDashboard.html`. The HTML file will contain a fragment of a HTML document and does not need &lt;html&gt;&lt;head&gt;&lt;body&gt; entities.
```

> Add the following HTML to the WelcomeDashboard.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following HTML to the `WelcomeDashboard.html`.
```

## Configuring the dashboard to appear

> Similar to a property editor you will now register the dashboard in a package.manifest file. Add a new file inside the ~/App_Plugins/CustomWelcomeDashboard folder called package.manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to a property editor you will now register the dashboard in a `package.manifest` file. Add a new file inside the `~/App_Plugins/CustomWelcomeDashboard` folder called `package.manifest`:
```

## Adding a bit of style

> Congratulations! Job well done, however this is only the starting point. Dashboards can be styled with CSS, but there are a couple more steps to do so that you can apply a custom stylesheet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! Job well done, however, this is only the starting point. Dashboards can be styled with CSS, but there are a couple more steps to follow to be able to apply a custom stylesheet:
```

For information on creating bundles of your site's CSS or JavaScript files in your code, see the [Bundling & Minification for JavaScript and CSS](https://our.umbraco.com/Documentation/Fundamentals/Design/Stylesheets-Javascript/#bundling--minification-for-javascript-and-css) section.

**For version 8 and below:** 

> If the title doesn't change colour, you may be running the site without debugging. This means [ClientDependency Framework](https://github.com/Shazwazza/ClientDependency) (CDF) will be caching the CSS and JavaScript. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the title does not change color, you may be running the site without debugging. This means that the [Client Dependency Framework](https://github.com/Shazwazza/ClientDependency) (CDF) will be caching the CSS and JavaScript. 
```

```

:::tip

> Notice you can use console.log() to write out to the browser console window what is being returned by the promise. This helps to debug, but also understand what properties are available to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice you can use `console.log()` to write out to the browser console window what is being returned by the promise. This helps to debug, but also understand what properties are available to use.
```

## I know what you did last Tuesday

An editor may find it useful to see a list of articles they have been editing along with a link to load and continue editing. This could be instead of having to remember and find the item again in the Umbraco Content Tree.

> We can make use of Umbraco's Angular resource for retrieving audit log information. The **logResource** using the **getPagedUserLog** method to return a list of activities the current user has performed recently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can make use of Umbraco's Angular resource for retrieving audit log information. Add `logResource` to the method and use the `getPagedUserLog` method to return a list of activities the current user has performed recently.
```

</ul>
```

> In our controller we'll populate the array of entries using the **logResource**. The **getPagedUserLog** method expects to receive a JSON object containing information to filter the log by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our controller we will populate the array of entries using the `logResource`. The `getPagedUserLog` method expects to receive a JSON object containing information to filter the log by:
```

};
```

> These options should retrieve the last ten activities for the current user in descending order since the start of 2018. We pass the options into the **getPagedUserLog** like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These options should retrieve the last ten activities for the current user in descending order since the start of 2018. We pass the options into the `getPagedUserLog` like so:
```

We need to loop through the log items from the **logResource**. Since this includes everything, we need to filter out activities we're not interested in eg, Macro Saves, or DocType Saves. Generally we need the entry in the log to have a `nodeId`, a 'logType' of 'save' and an entity type of Media or Content.

> The **entityResource** then has a **getById** method that accepts the Id of the item and the entity 'type' to retrieve useful information about the entity. For example, it's Name and Icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `entityResource` then has a `getById` method that accepts the ID of the item and the entity 'type' to retrieve useful information about the entity. For example, its Name and Icon.
```

![We know what you edited last week...](images/WeKnowWhatYouEditedLastWeek-v10.png)

:::note
The URL `/umbraco/#/content/content/edit/1234` is the path to open up a particular entity (with id 1234) ready for editing.

The `logResource` has a few bugs prior to version 8.1.4. If you are on a lower version this may not give the expected result.
:::

## I know what you want to do today

> One of the key user journeys an editor will make in the backoffice is to create a new thing of some sort. If it is a person's job to create new blog entries, why not create them a handy shortcut to achieve this common task?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the key user journeys an editor will make in the backoffice is to create a new thing of some sort. If it is a person's job to create new blog entries, why not create a handy shortcut to help them achieve this common task?
```

</div>
```

> `1065` is the id of our blog section and BlogPost is the alias of the type of document we want to create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`1065` is the ID of our blog section and `blogPost` is the alias of the type of document we want to create.
```

## Custom External Data - creating your own angular resource

> You can create your own custom angular services/resources to interact with your own serverside data (using UmbracoAuthorizedJsonController).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own custom Angular services/resources to interact with your own serverside data (using UmbracoAuthorizedJsonController).
```

> The property editor tutorial has a step explaining how to do this [part 4 - Adding server-side data to a property editor](../Creating-a-Property-Editor/part-4.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [property editor tutorial](../Creating-a-Property-Editor/part-4.md) has a step explaining how to do this.
```
